Dear Sir,
I am a European agnostic and I would like to share with you my critisism concerning your recent article from last week's newspaper dealing with the rise of religiosity within the United States. In my opinion, religious beliefs are to equate with superstition. During the time of reading your article and writing this letter, I have come to the conclusion that the most important tool to get us through life is "reason". In my opinion you seemed to have forgotten to include such reason whilst writing your article, since I think reason can be abused just as religion can. We could take an example of the judge in South Dakota who decided that the raped girl could not have an abortion, or religious people who murder doctors specifically trained to aid with abortions.
I would also like to mention the rapid rise of Islam in Europe due to current events, and their religious "traditions" that are not as properly checked out by the governent as they should be, considering fights between Muslims and Christians have been but a historically never-ending tensions. If not taken care of, the chance of problems arising are too high, and be avoided if properly taken care of, which as of the moment is not happening.
I hope to have helped you see a more reasonable side.
Yours sincerely,
Paul Reetstra

---

Letter to the editor

DO

- explicit reference to the article
- short info on your person
- formal language
- be polite
- be precise -> rely on knowledge/facts mentioned in the article
- formal address

DONTS

- being offensive
- informal/colloquial language
- talking about unrelated issues
- informal addresses


---

