Currently, the wealth gap is widening rapidly.
It becomes very clear, that we need to apply measures today to avoid the issues we would be facing tomorrow, especially with the ever growing amount to people living in extreme poverty and the minority living with extreme wealth.
In order to solve this issue, two possible solutions seem reasonable.

One of the most important parts of society are the young people.
Theese young people will have a lot of influence in the future and should know about the issues existing now in order to better solve them in the future.
Schools will have to play a big part in this.
The students would get to know the issues in their own countries as well as the issues existing globally so that the measures taken today can be continued in the future.

Additionally the media would have to expose the general population to the effects of poverty.
This is due to the high amount of people ignorant to the effects of poverty, not only on other people but on societies in general.
The coverage by the media today is mostly dominated by sensationalism and doesn't provide any actual value to the people.
Regular and detailed reports with high production value are needed to inform the population about poverty and to replace the current media dominated by sensationalistic reports and entertainment for the masses.

Despite all that one cannot expect any media coverage or education for young people to show any immediate effects. In order to solve the issues we are facing today, organizations specialized in solving these issues need more support.

P. 9 Ex. 1-3

1

1. 
   1. a implies regularity
   2. b implies planned actions
2. 
   1. a implies theme is still running
   2. b implies theme finished
3. 
   1. a implies press already started
   2. b implies press started when she came in
4. 
   1. a implies they will already have begun
   2. b implies they will watch the film with person spoken to
5. 
   1. a implies she's done
   2. b implies she's still writing
6. 
   1. a implies thunderstorm will alread be done by that time
   2. b implies thunderstorm will be in the process of ending by that time
7. 
   1. a implies response to policy change
   2. b implies growth up to policy change
8. 
   1. a implies that they'll start at 25
   2. b implies that they already have [...] at 25

2

1. Will you come to the meeting next week?
2. I'll be waiting for you at Vicenza Station tomorrow afternoon.
3. Barbara and I have known each other for years. We went to primary school together.
4. In your memo you asked me to write a report, so I'm sending it to you now.
5. I had been waiting for 30 minutes when a man came and spoke to me.
6. I promise that when you are coming to visit me next summer, you are going to have a wonderful holiday.
7. I went to St. Andrews on Wednesday because I arranged to meet a friend of mine there.
8. Club membership is falling so we need new members, especially young people.

3

1. have enjoyed
2. will have got
3. I've been waiting
4. 'll have explored
5. had alreade been
6. 'll have been living

---

P 29 Exam task (Example)

Discuss in depth, but hurry after making your point

---

HW: Exam task p.23, p.19 Ex 1+2