In this statement, published in 1980, Arnold Schwarzenegger describes his life and success story in relation to his decision to move to America.
Schwarzenegger outlines what motivations drove him forward in order for him to be so successful now.
He also explains how America has allowed him to achieve his goals.

Schwarzenegger begins the speech with the simple statement: "Call me Arnold.".
Following that he explains where he comes from and how that changed his life.
Schwarzenegger comes from Austria and he lived in an old house.
Although his preconditions weren't great, Schwarzenegger had the dream to be the best in the world in something.
He achieved his dream by bodybuilding for five years and moving to America after winning the Mr. Universe title.
His opinion on America is clearly very positive.
This can be seen when he talks about the feeling he got in America as if he was in heaven.
Or when he calls California a dreamland.

The beginning sentence "Call me Arnold." is a very powerful statement.
It addresses the reader directly and builds a connection with the reader.
This connection with the reader is enhanced by repeated use of the pronoun you, when issuing advice to the reader.
Additionaly Schwarzenegger's style of speech seems very informal and filled with advice.

Schwarzeneggers fondness of America is expressed in to his use of exaggerated words and phrases when talking about America, such as "best tax advantages", "best prices", "best products", "dreamland", "heaven".
He also enumerates the advantages of living in America in order to visualise the amount of benefits.

Schwarzeneggers backstory is a typical example of a story From Rags to Riches as told in the American dream.
It is repeatedly outlined, that Schwarzenegger worked hard to reach his goals and that his succes stems from this fact.
He also is a avid supporter of America.
Schwarzenegger seems to be a prime example of a person who has embraced the American dream.

---

Comment:

| Pro                                                        | Con                                                  |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| Name of Dream                                              | Principles independent of location                   |
| America has unique opportunities                           | Everywhere else has unique opportunities             |
| Constitutionally protected rights to follow American dream | Current economical situation is difficult in America |

"The American Dream -- for Americans only?"

Is the American Dream an American only dream?

In current times there are some people considering going to the United States to fulfill their dreams.
Many of their principles align with the principles of the American Dream.
However, is America neccesary to fulfill the American Dream?

There are some Arguments for that.
One Argument is, that the name of the American Dream was given to something that can only be achieved in America.
Still, it's underlying principlees are independent of location and can apply anywhere where people aspire to live a better life.
Other people think that America has some unique Places such as Silicon Valley, which give unique Opportunities to the citizens of America.
Despite that, many other countries have similiarly unique locations, which offer opportunities to it's citizens.

Additionally the current economical situation in America makes it difficult for many Americans to follow their American Dream, as they already have to struggle for their basic needs to be met.
Nevertheless, the American Constitution provides basic rights to people to follow their dreams in the pursuit of happiness.
Few other places have similiar laws in place to allow people to fulfill their dreams.

Concluding one can see, that the American Dream is not specific to America.
While there are benifits to fulfilling your own dreams in America, there are few reasons against doing that in your home country, or even somewhere else.